[Music]
hello my love's welcome back to another
video I hope you're doing really really
good today's video is going to be a huge
Aldi food shop oh I've been meaning to
do to these for a while this is probably
one on a large requested video I kind of
shot between Tesco Aldi and Lidl LD was
closest today so and I just went in did
like a full weekly shop so of course I
went food shopping and then end up going
like Christmas shopping I'm just staring
all this stuff I've got I'm so excited
Christmas is definitely not my favorite
times of the year and I love decorating
I know love all the supermarkets as well
as talking to you that I love low life
food selections I've always got loads of
cakes chocolate just like everything in
everywhere I'm back
checking my macros for the first time in
forever
it's literally months since have
certainly fitness goals and it feels so
good I think I've been backtracking like
two weeks now like if you follow me for
a while I definitely I would never ever
restrict anything I have I'll show you
my food haul and I've been having like a
weekly up chocolate every night over all
our marshmallows I forgot to get in
whippy cream I'm gonna get some of that
I can't decide very little or amaldi'
but I'm gonna just start between the two
because I honestly think the bench in
Aldi isn't quite as good as a little -
yeah and I'll just talk you through some
like meal ideas as well and I'm show you
some stuff I'm really like
I just got that today that little if you
can see this little thing it's very
exciting this is like the first house
but I've properly that plans properly
decorate or Christmassy and I've already
picked my theme already been on
Pinterest
wait timeout to show you I was going to
save this particular thing for my
Christmas haul but let me just show you
what God says but no look how amazing is
this Santa Claus mug it's so big like
think of the hot chocolates that will be
had in here marshmallows everything I
love how it's super sized it's just a
bit of me actually bigger than my head
Wow and it was like $2.99 or something
from the range but I'm not going to show
anything else from my Christmas I played
that for the Christmas all but stick
around on this channel for everything at
Christmas so this is everything that we
got so start over so I'm going to start
in this dairy section I kind of second
races and roasted separated everything
into little sections so first things
first I brought two huge 15 so thirsty
free-range eggs this is just because
later on I just go through so many eggs
I remember the first time when I met
that boy and I've only am what like a
dozen eggs before like even one shop and
he had like it wasn't even he cut by the
supermarket they were like Costco just a
ton of eggs for him no joke so ever
since then be honest from their own
words we just Irish seem to go through
so many eggs but they're mainly like egg
whites and stuff and I think it's real
good snack and so yeah I always I have
eggs like twice a day
and then we've got an array of milk so I
personally really struggle I just don't
like I don't really like all the milk
oat milk I've tried and tried and tried
and it just doesn't sit well with me I
just don't like it so I personally like
slap toast free sanity long life milk I
always get this from Aldi or Liz not
ever and then I do have like coconut
milk but not on its own I like to mix
and match and I can have it in like
cooking or baking stuff because you
can't really taste it but I just don't
like it in like my coffee or my sim
these will last a bit longer than a week
so I've got these and then obviously
we're gonna start with the hot chocolate
I picked this up from BNN but a lot less
sugar than the normal hot choc it can
also use it in bacon and stuff and it
wasn't three pound 59 it was actually a
pound in total it was 14 pounds 62 Pete
love love love this skya and fat-free
strawberry yogurt it's a really nice
sort of snack it's not high in sugar
there is really satisfying especially if
you've got like a sweet tooth and I also
like to put some blueberries in to be
editor in the ice and then in terms of
me I did get quite a bit more meat this
time sort of trying to steer away from
red me as much as I can so I'm mainly
sort of sticking into a chicken and the
first person about it
really so I've got
[Music]
so let me just create a chimney so yeah
I got some chicken and I also got to
like to lots of the two breasts chicken
the Phillies have enough in there and
then I go I'm Phyllis absolutely love
these these are really really good from
Aldi I also quite like I never really
been a big fan of Cod but make them cook
this we can smoke good so I've got two
of these Cod Phenix these are so nice
with like some rides or sweet potato
vegetative the salmon I love love always
have the same thing really is ever like
sweet potato rice or broccoli vegetables
lovely little sweet chili sauce and then
I picked up some family flakes as well
these are really nice in like an omelet
you should just do loads of them and I
love them not as well like poached eggs
in the morning I've got some cooked
beetroot off I am addicted to beach I
really really like beetroot I just think
it spices up any meal and it's really
sweet really nice thank you thought
piccolo tomatoes and I used to have like
tomatoes or beetroot with most meals
here we have got some humor ik and some
lemon and garlic these are like I get a
pick these up every week these I love
making like a lot of turmeric shots or a
morning and got to find actual tumeric
and there is a big difference between
like the little powder pots that you get
and like the actual real stuff that you
just chopped and I actually love to me
and then I always cook a lot with lemon
and also like with lemon hot lemon water
and I've got my blueberries I only got a
few because I've not really been liking
the blueberries lately I feel like
because they're out of season
mmm just not doing bit really
and some garlic like I cook most meals
of garlic sorry almost got garlic brush
to be honest but yeah so nice and also
ever since we came back from the
Philippines I have been addicted to
ginger this I love choppiness and not
have it in office here it's just so so
nice and also like a teaspoon of honey
so good I know I've got some little
sprouts because Christmas going to it so
got to get the Brussels sprouts and baby
spinach and some large mushrooms that I
just put in like chicken like make nice
chicken stir fry pack and also we've got
a new rice cooker so this is why I've
got these usually if you've watched them
over hold you'll have seen that I mainly
haves like the packet rice but yeah
we've got this rice cooker it's really
easy you just put it on for like half an
hour and it cooks your eyes super easy
and you can make clothes for like a week
so I really recommend them I'll leave a
link to the one I got off Amazon down
below and then I've got some sweet
potatoes I'll either have Grimes or who
then and also got some plain babel and
now I have been having bagels and
poached eggs for breakfast like every
single morning I just think it's so
satisfying
I love bagels and you have put my
favorite breakfast honesty we should
have got another pack reading and then
I've got some kitchen roll that I've
already opened I actually got this
through and being and what was the hot
chocolate for my walk you up and ice is
that I just thought it would be easy
scrub-a-dub-dub a thing
I think that's everything can you see
that opening look this is also something
that I've got today so excited to
Christmas now and
Weetabix obviously like the fake one but
I can't really taste a different and
yeah I love having that at the breakfast
I usually have it with like my protein
shake milk and cookies and cream flavor
from my protein and I'll just pop that
in really nice also good to get your
protein in that way if you don't really
like protein shakes mmm so yeah and that
was about it
so that is like a good that will last me
a week and has everything covered you've
got all your fruit and vegetables you've
got a sweet tooth covered thank you so
much watching this video guys let me
know if you'd like to see any other like
food shop whether it be like a different
shop or anything like that in the
comments down below and I really hope to
see you guys in the next video
[Music]
you